Lord Qin's army has completed the deployment near the town park
Listen to Lord Qin's order at any time
Ok you go down
Siyan
We still have no evidence of Ah Fei's crime
If there is a conflict rashly, send it back
I'm afraid it's not good for the temporary impact.
Can't take care of that much
They dare to touch you
This time they will pay with blood
Miss Wu
You may rest assured.
This park is full of evidence of Ah Fei's crime
We'll keep the evidence then.
You hand it over to the official.
It will definitely not have any impact on the temporary.
Don't worry about that.
Sister Hong lost a private plane
The route to Dubai has been contacted.
It's like running away with Ah Fei
What? Stop him
If he dares to do something against me
Just shoot
Yes
And what else?
Yoyo and Tiantian, the two children are gone
What hurry up and find it?